readme.md, before:

# milahu/contact

how to contact milahu

## email

- milahu@gmail.com
- milahu@protonmail.com
- milahu@torbox36ijlcevujx7mjb4oiusvwgvmue7jfn2cvutwa6kl6to3uyqad.onion

## XMPP

aka: Jabber

- milahu@jabber.de
- milahu@torbox36ijlcevujx7mjb4oiusvwgvmue7jfn2cvutwa6kl6to3uyqad.onion

## IRC

- milahu@irc.libera.chat
- milahu@torbox36ijlcevujx7mjb4oiusvwgvmue7jfn2cvutwa6kl6to3uyqad.onion

## ricochet

chat over tor

- ricochet:milahuuuc3656fettsi3jjepqhhvnuml5hug3k7djtzlfe4dw6trivqd

## git

- [github.com/milahu](https://github.com/milahu)
- [it7otdanqu7ktntxzm427cba6i53w6wlanlh23v5i3siqmos47pzhvyd.onion/milahu](http://it7otdanqu7ktntxzm427cba6i53w6wlanlh23v5i3siqmos47pzhvyd.onion/milahu) - darktea
- [gg6zxtreajiijztyy5g6bt5o6l3qu32nrg7eulyemlhxwwl6enk6ghad.onion/milahu](http://gg6zxtreajiijztyy5g6bt5o6l3qu32nrg7eulyemlhxwwl6enk6ghad.onion/milahu) - righttoprivacy

## social

- [gab.com/milahu](gab.com/milahu) - free speech
- [hypothes.is/users/milahu](https://hypothes.is/users/milahu) - comments for all websites, free speech
- [facebook.com/mila.nautikus](https://www.facebook.com/mila.nautikus) - my stupid face : P
- [facebook.com/findus.kohlhase](https://www.facebook.com/findus.kohlhase) - mostly music

## music

- [last.fm/user/emmhu21](https://www.last.fm/user/emmhu21)
  - https://www.last.fm/user/milahu
  - https://www.last.fm/user/kroetikroet
  - https://www.last.fm/user/m_11
- https://soundcloud.com/mila-nautikus
- https://www.youtube.com/user/milahu

## services

- [github.com/milahu/deutschetorrents](https://github.com/milahu/deutschetorrents) - german torrents
- [erebus.feralhosting.com/milahu/bin/get-subtitles](https://erebus.feralhosting.com/milahu/bin/get-subtitles) - download subtitles

## offline

```
Milan Hauth
Jägerstr. 10
83308 Trostberg
Germany
```

## face

about year 2005 (age 16) my face looked like this

![](milahu.jpg)

## phone

+4915172059978

## donate

most of my donations i will use to print my book:
[Pallas. Who are my friends. Group composition by personality type](https://milahu.github.io/alchi/src/whoaremyfriends/whoaremyfriends.html)

you can also help me by printing and distributing my book. this also works after my death : )

you can also donate physical stuff, see [wishlist](#wishlist)

- https://bitback.me/milahu/
  - XMR: 863Ug11jgT1FofQt5gcpYhXDy9HvieSDtAVtQ4a4KwVPA1paoZmcUnKHRtbXvgwCkGTEukRW94eBTLtpnRfKEWDR6rt5S6S
  - XNO: nano_3t1jac16b3zo4zk5w1is5s6e3ufebdkqt6q41yeaf6wpokuo6ys9pp9a7sx7

## wishlist

stuff i always need

before you send anything, please ask if my [offline](#offline) address is up to date

- printer: [Brother HL-L5100DN](https://geizhals.de/brother-hl-l5100dn-hll5100dng1-a1409933.html)
  - must be new, used printers have limited lifetime and no warranty
  - ebay: from 200 eur
  - ebay: no toner and drum: 140 eur
  - toner: Brother TN-3480 compatible
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/365089200917 - 8x TN-3480 - 90 EUR
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/365073553508 - 8x TN-3480 - 95 EUR
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/365061927883 - 8x TN-3480 - 100 EUR
  - drums: Brother DR-3400 compatible
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/365086190360 - 8x DR-3400 - 120 EUR
  - toner and drums: different vendors have different bulk package sizes
- paper: DIN A4, 70g/m2
  - Kopierpapier A4 BASIC PRO
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/364613935032 - 739EUR / 100K = 0,310 EUR/book
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/364613940701 - 379EUR / 50K = 0,318 EUR/book
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/364613970749 - 202E / 25K = 0,339 EUR/book
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/364613985003 - 82E / 10K = 0,344 EUR/book

Commit message:

before you send anything big

readme.md, after:

# milahu/contact

how to contact milahu

## email

- milahu@gmail.com
- milahu@protonmail.com
- milahu@torbox36ijlcevujx7mjb4oiusvwgvmue7jfn2cvutwa6kl6to3uyqad.onion

## XMPP

aka: Jabber

- milahu@jabber.de
- milahu@torbox36ijlcevujx7mjb4oiusvwgvmue7jfn2cvutwa6kl6to3uyqad.onion

## IRC

- milahu@irc.libera.chat
- milahu@torbox36ijlcevujx7mjb4oiusvwgvmue7jfn2cvutwa6kl6to3uyqad.onion

## ricochet

chat over tor

- ricochet:milahuuuc3656fettsi3jjepqhhvnuml5hug3k7djtzlfe4dw6trivqd

## git

- [github.com/milahu](https://github.com/milahu)
- [it7otdanqu7ktntxzm427cba6i53w6wlanlh23v5i3siqmos47pzhvyd.onion/milahu](http://it7otdanqu7ktntxzm427cba6i53w6wlanlh23v5i3siqmos47pzhvyd.onion/milahu) - darktea
- [gg6zxtreajiijztyy5g6bt5o6l3qu32nrg7eulyemlhxwwl6enk6ghad.onion/milahu](http://gg6zxtreajiijztyy5g6bt5o6l3qu32nrg7eulyemlhxwwl6enk6ghad.onion/milahu) - righttoprivacy

## social

- [gab.com/milahu](gab.com/milahu) - free speech
- [hypothes.is/users/milahu](https://hypothes.is/users/milahu) - comments for all websites, free speech
- [facebook.com/mila.nautikus](https://www.facebook.com/mila.nautikus) - my stupid face : P
- [facebook.com/findus.kohlhase](https://www.facebook.com/findus.kohlhase) - mostly music

## music

- [last.fm/user/emmhu21](https://www.last.fm/user/emmhu21)
  - https://www.last.fm/user/milahu
  - https://www.last.fm/user/kroetikroet
  - https://www.last.fm/user/m_11
- https://soundcloud.com/mila-nautikus
- https://www.youtube.com/user/milahu

## services

- [github.com/milahu/deutschetorrents](https://github.com/milahu/deutschetorrents) - german torrents
- [erebus.feralhosting.com/milahu/bin/get-subtitles](https://erebus.feralhosting.com/milahu/bin/get-subtitles) - download subtitles

## offline

```
Milan Hauth
Jägerstr. 10
83308 Trostberg
Germany
```

before you send anything big or expensive,
please ask if i am still alive,
and please ask if i want or need it (i hate surprises)

## face

about year 2005 (age 16) my face looked like this

![](milahu.jpg)

## phone

+4915172059978

## donate

most of my donations i will use to print my book:
[Pallas. Who are my friends. Group composition by personality type](https://milahu.github.io/alchi/src/whoaremyfriends/whoaremyfriends.html)

you can also help me by printing and distributing my book. this also works after my death : )

you can also donate physical stuff, see [wishlist](#wishlist)

- https://bitback.me/milahu/
  - XMR: 863Ug11jgT1FofQt5gcpYhXDy9HvieSDtAVtQ4a4KwVPA1paoZmcUnKHRtbXvgwCkGTEukRW94eBTLtpnRfKEWDR6rt5S6S
  - XNO: nano_3t1jac16b3zo4zk5w1is5s6e3ufebdkqt6q41yeaf6wpokuo6ys9pp9a7sx7

## wishlist

stuff i always need

before you send anything, please ask if my [offline](#offline) address is up to date

- printer: [Brother HL-L5100DN](https://geizhals.de/brother-hl-l5100dn-hll5100dng1-a1409933.html)
  - must be new, used printers have limited lifetime and no warranty
  - ebay: from 200 eur
  - ebay: no toner and drum: 140 eur
  - toner: Brother TN-3480 compatible
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/365089200917 - 8x TN-3480 - 90 EUR
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/365073553508 - 8x TN-3480 - 95 EUR
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/365061927883 - 8x TN-3480 - 100 EUR
  - drums: Brother DR-3400 compatible
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/365086190360 - 8x DR-3400 - 120 EUR
  - toner and drums: different vendors have different bulk package sizes
- paper: DIN A4, 70g/m2
  - Kopierpapier A4 BASIC PRO
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/364613935032 - 739EUR / 100K = 0,310 EUR/book
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/364613940701 - 379EUR / 50K = 0,318 EUR/book
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/364613970749 - 202E / 25K = 0,339 EUR/book
    - https://www.ebay.de/itm/364613985003 - 82E / 10K = 0,344 EUR/book
